


// TODOS
    readme could use more sections, transform to manual
   
    
  I should go through and leave notes
  
    make fighters chins take permanent daamge after knockouts
    make fighters power fluctuate a bit according to morale, form and training


  
// BUGS
    clicking on v-progress-linear changes the health,
    (handy to have atm for debugging)
        => fix, switch from v-model to :value. 

    when in any squad, the link squad does nothing but should go to selected club's squad

    schedule -> archive Cannot read property 0 of undefined

    points in league table, account for finish vs against




// SPECIFIC
functionality:
    pressing back things
        partially dealt with by keeping everything necessary for Match.vue in the state,
        it still has bugs
tweaks:
   
   
implement:
   
  
    fixture:
        click on 

        

    match:

        submissions should be harder to complete the longer the fight goes on
            sweatfactor
            mitigated a bit by workrate and stamina
 
        manager might be able to ask fighters to specifically strike or grapple but it's
        ultimately up to the fighters. fighters, in most situations, will follow other 
        instructions well however.

        a flash knockout can occur
            if (roll 100 + momentum? 2 + morale? 2 + form? 2) bigger than 100
            then flash knockout occurs

            momentum triggers -- 
                finishing someone gives momentum hm only if in center ring

      

last time:

    lets make clicking the date take you to fixtures or maybe last place you wwere
    conditionally, otherwsie go to fixtures?
    

    we had lots of refactors, grapples and strikes ready to be made
    should probably customize the rest of the fighters
    get the AI choosing based on form

    introduce morale
    lots of talmbout morale+form+momentum being boosters

    lets follow through on the asset/dots/ stuff. move the js into a component
    and try to display them moving buddies
    amazing to get dots in the rings moving randomly in relation to each other
    stop if grappling etc
    colored for each team ofc
    messagesForRings change to object to hold color, put banner on the side of
    the relevant club with the ringmessage and make the dots move meanwhile

    lets add club color to header of unit modal/screen

    maybe getOn uses action count and makes sure there aren't completely dead rounds
    except very rarely. could use for each ring to spread the action out


   
    Per 'the snake' Ush


   
  features:

    animation:
        needs plan out
        variable for going up or down to decide how to clear last frame
            ie. program for the up and down, matbe leftright
        recursively call the timeout functionality
        just make different functions for each type of movement/engagement
            account for which one has the initiative
            flash red if finished
        play an animation based on those functions





// DREAMS
each fighter has a potential range for each 
stat/attribute/instruction/trainingfocuses

manager can try to instruct the fighter to use
certain moves, limbs and style.

approach unsigned players for a contract, have
transfers bewteen clubs etc

training, staff, assistant manager that shows stats
and judges a ring

youth developement news item, offers a pool of fighters
coaches give their opinion based on judging potential ability
etc 

mmam


