


// TODOS
  I should go through and leave notes ASAP
  hold off on refactoring alon the way
  refrain from spending too much time on match engine for the time being
  focus on getting all the data flow smooth first

  make a fixtureEngine, getPostMatch and getFixtures functions


  
// BUGS









// SPECIFIC
functionality:
    pressing back things
        delete the match from the schedule? already done maybe
        if you go to a match that's been played you go to '/'
        to look at that match, see it in the archives

        you're in a match an press back....
tweaks:
   
   
implement:
    screen to pick team to manage
  
    fixture:
        click on 

        

    match:
        simulateMatch will of course need an overhaul
        check and see if possible yet,
        maybe only matchEngine will get further code,
        Match might be about done and simulate should follow


        go through each check vs check to see disrepancies, (game balance)
        MAKE SURE to balance all fighters to 10

   

            after landing a good successfull takedown 
                give momentum to controling fighter
                if other fighter gets initiative it is used to get up
            

            momentum triggers -- finishing someone gives momentum hm only if in center ring
            judges need to get activity numbers
            write actions


last time:
    

        I need to document how I want to do each action in matchEngine, make a data flow thingy

        I need to change disengage. it should refer to resetting position from being controlled
        (i.e. fighter.match.save==true). The fighter has to use his initiative to 
        disengage/reset if (save==true)
        A new action called, maybe 'compose' or 'rest', it will be an action fighters can
        take when they have initiative, letting them compose and regain condition. 
        they take that action based on manager instructions. 

        manager might be able to ask fighters to specifically strike or grapple but it's
        ultimately up to the fighters. fighters follow other instructions well however.





   
  features:
    striking does more damage but opens you up to grappling more
    grappling stalls the fight more but can lead to submissions too

    a combination of instructions and fighters choice of striking or grappling
    determines the moment to moment strengths of the fighter

    after a successfull takedown the defender has to pass a bunch of saving throws
    the attacker can of course be landing but it;s harder to keep initiative
            
    



// DREAMS
each fighter has a potential range for each 
stat/attribute/instruction/trainingfocuses

manager can try to instruct the fighter to use
certain moves, limbs and style.

approach unsigned players for a contract, have
transfers bewteen clubs etc

training, staff, assistant manager that shows stats
and judges a ring

youth developement news item, offers a pool of fighters
coaches give their opinion based on judging potential ability
etc 

mmam


